[oneDPL] Add namespace shortcut and nested namespaces info (#448)
oneapi-src/oneAPI-spec: source/elements/oneDPL/source/common.rst

Namespaces
----------

> oneDPL uses :code:`namespace oneapi::dpl` and shorter version :code:`namespace dpl` for all

Reviewer: ```suggestion
oneDPL uses :code:`namespace oneapi::dpl` and a shorter variant :code:`namespace dpl` for all
```

functionality including parallel algorithms, oneDPL execution policies, etc.
For the subset of the standard C++ library for kernels, the standard class
and function names are also aliased in :code:`namespace oneapi::dpl`.

> oneDPL has nested namespaces for the functionality aligned with C++ standard.
> The names of those namespaces are the same as in :code:`namespace std`. For example
> oneDPL execution policies are available in :code:`namespace oneapi::dpl::execution`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
oneDPL uses nested namespaces for the functionality aligned with C++ standard.
The names of those namespaces are the same as in :code:`namespace std`. For example,
oneDPL execution policies are provided in :code:`namespace oneapi::dpl::execution`.
```
